Ideas for what to do with Barren Plateaus:

A significant issue that came up in a meeting with Tal and Dekel is that convergence time is not indicative of barren plateaus.
For example, an experiment can terminate very quickly but to a local minimum or out of a tolerance condition, and we would have no idea.
(tolerance condition, a.k.a. tol, is an optimization condition that requires a minimum change in the cost function in each optimization step.)

Dekel started bridging this gap by checking the value to which each experiment converges.
These are several ideas for other kinds of data to generate from optimization experiments:

For VQE, calculate the energies of excited states.
Personally, I suspect that some experiments converge to energies that correspond to excited states.
It might be that these excited states cause local minima in the parameter landscape.
Let us call these energies "likely pitfalls."

For every optimization experiment, calculate:
*	The converged value, and the distance from the correct solution.

Aggregated data:
*	A "heat-map" (or histogram) of all optimization terminations (that is, what is the final energy for every optimization experiment).
	To said heat-map, add:
	-	A line representing the true solution.
	-	Lines representing "likely pitfall" energies.

For *some* optimization experiments:
*	Make a convergence graph (energy as a function of the optimization step) with the true result and likely pitfalls marked on the graph.
*	Make a graph showing the sum and maximum of all partial derivatives during each optimization step.

How to pick for which optimization experiments to generate the graph:
*	At first, randomly.


While all of this data is important, it does not comply with the *original* definition of a barren plateau.
That definition can be seen as Definition 1 in "Effect of barren plateaus on gradient-free optimization," Arrasmith et al., 2021.
Specifically, it considers the (classical, probabilistic) expectation value and variance of all partial derivatives when looking at a random distribution of thetas.
The expectation value has to be 0, and the variance needs to vanish exponentially with n (the number of qubits).
Calculating this data is not trivial.
An alternative condition for a barren plateau can be found in Proposition 1 of Arrasmith et al.
It does not require gradients, but calculating expectation values and variances are still required.

A more concerning problem than calculating said expectation values and variances is that this definition is global to the parameter space.
That is, a barren plateau, according to this definition, affects the *entire* parameter space.
In fact, this means that we cannot expect stronger gradients when using specific MUB states/transformations.
